# uOpTime

Here, we explain what each script in here does.

## General

`stat_functions.py`: Implements statistical functions used throughout other scripts.

`dataset_x/optimizer_yy.py`: Implements μOpTime's optimization algorithm for the corresponding data set.

`dataset_x/optimizer_yy_parallel.py`: Implements μOpTime's optimization algorithm for the corresponding data set with parallelization.

`dataset_x/min_baseline_yy.py`: Implements the minimum baseline calculations for the corresponding data set.

`dataset_x/random_baseline_yy.py`: Implements the random baseline calculations for the corresponding data set.

`dataset_x/preprocess_jmh_laaber_yy.py`: Implements preprocessing for the data in the replication package of either data set 2 or 3.

`explore.py`: Loads data generated by `analyze_quality.py` for interactive inspection using a variable explorer (such as in Spyder IDE).

## Fixing data sets

In the `log4j2` data by Laaber et al., we encountered benchmarks with a broken setting after preprocessing. These scripts can filter these out of the results.

`test_log4j2_error.py`: Find all broken benchmarks and save them to a file for inspection.

`filter_wrong_data_log4j2.py`: Remove broken benchmarks. Only needed for the data without warmup, as the broken benchmarks produce empty results when using warmup, and get automatically removed.

## RQ1

`time_savings_bar_plot.py`: Plots results from µOpTime (for Figure 3 of our paper).

`time_savings_bar_plot_min_baseline.py`: Plots results from the minimum baseline (for Figure 3 of our paper).

`time_savings_bar_plot_random_baseline.py`: Plots results from the random baseline (for Figure 3 of our paper).

`numbers.py`: Calculates raw numbers of result quality for interactive inspection using a variable explorer (such as in Spyder IDE).

## RQ2 (run before RQ1!)

`analyze_quality.py`: Performs the Kruskal-Wallis H test, Dunn's post-hoc test, and calculates Cliff's delta for the results of µOpTime. Also calculates things used in `time_savings_bar_plot.py`, and `time_savings_java_warmup.py`

## RQ3

`time_savings_java_warmup.py`: Plots results from µOpTime for data set 2 (Figure 4 of our paper), where the warmup phase has been removed.

## RQ4

`dataset_x/optimizer_yy_forward.py`: Applies the optimizer to multiple versions of the data set (for either 1 or 3), simulating a CI/CD process.

`dataset_x/performance_changes_yy.py`: Analyzes results of `optimizer_yy_forward.py`.

